[Music]
who doesn't love video games some play
them for hours some for days while
others cannot even see their life
without them every year developers make
games better however no matter how cool
and realistic graphics they have there
are a lot of differences between video
games and real life I counted at least
39 one check points fail the mission in
the game no problem if you have a check
point failed an exam or an interview in
real life you have to put up with it to
travel in the game you can go to another
city country or planet in just a few
seconds in life you fly on a plane for
two hours and then wait for your luggage
bar a3 money need some cash take a walk
through the woods find gold coins they
are scattered everywhere do you need
money in reality count the days to your
paycheck for medicine is your game
character seriously injured drink the
potion and everything is ok just caught
a cold in real life well you have to sit
at home and drink medications for a
whole week 5 sleep to gain strength you
can sleep only an hour in game time and
that's all you're ready for saving the
world and space adventures in reality
you sleep say 6 hours and still wake up
in the morning tired and frustrated 6
clothing you can choose any clothes of
any color and style in a second out of
the game you're spending half a day to
pick trousers to go with your new cap 7
police at speed you can get away from
the police chase the cops will never
catch it in life here's $100 fine for
you don't break the speed limit anymore
ok I won't
sorry 8 save you can go through your
favorite mission again unfortunately the
best moments of life are only stored in
our memory
nine dialogues you choose among several
options of what to say to other
characters you may think pause before
answering in reality your options are um
hello a boring question about the
weather or run away as far as possible
ten civilizations you can build a city a
country manage the economy restore order
in your civilization in a day in the
real world you can't restore order in
your room eleven to-do list in video
games you check the task list and see
what to do next in life you leave the
University and ask yourself okay what's
next twelve transport you drive a sports
car a huge robot a spaceship in life you
take an uber to get home thirteen food
in a game you don't need food and still
you're full of energy in reality you
open the refrigerator at midnight to get
that last slice of pizza fourteen level
up game level one hundred at a game your
cool
invincible everybody loves you reach
level 100 in life you put on a false jaw
to crack that apricot 15 superpowers
you're super strong you can teleport
you're super fast in reality you are
super fast only if you're late for work
sixteen zombies in a game you have fun
fighting in the midst of a zombie
apocalypse in life ride the subway
sleepy is a zombie 17 monster hunter yes
you're cool you defeat hordes of
monsters mutants vampires but in life
you run around the apartment yelling
help
there's a cockroach in the bathroom 18
building in virtual reality you can
build a base for your tribe in a minute
in life you spend half a day fixing a
cupboard
19 implements you move fast around the
world with a bag in which there is a
first aid kit a sword a flamethrower
potions bricks a gas mask a tent in
reality you're tired because two bags of
groceries are really heavy 20 race on
your Lamborghini you reach 186 miles per
hour overtaking all the cars around wake
up you fell asleep while spending a
third hour in a traffic jam 21 level of
difficulty can't complete the mission no
problem
change the difficulty level but in life
there's only one level of difficulty
hardcore 22 hairstyle want to change
your hairstyle let's see afro short
haircut dreadlocks whatever just click
the button in a real salon you wait for
an hour and if you don't like it wait a
couple of months until your hair grows
back 23 language you switch to any
language in the game
in reality you spend a lot of time money
and effort on this 24 professions want
to be a carpenter a magician Alchemist
racer space cowboy okay here's your task
and a half an hour of time
congratulations you've mastered a new
profession in life you study for several
years at university 25 hidden-object hmm
let's open the map and see where I can
get the wings of a salamander oh here
they are
in another city I'll go get them in life
you turn your room upside down to find
the keys to the house
26 paws tired of playing you can pause
the game drink tea or sleep when
problems pile up on you for real a pause
will only aggravate the situation
twenty-seven skiff you can skip a boring
cutscene or an uninteresting dialog but
in real life you try not to fall asleep
in a boring lesson or meeting 28 fighter
skills when a fight with a most
dangerous villain of the Seven Kingdoms
in life hmm I better go around this dark
Lane 29 final boss you boldly and
confidently defeat the most terrible
boss and save the world
in reality it's scary to ask the boss
for a pay raise 30 story twists in a
game with an interesting plot an event
happened that you did not expect you
admired this and thank the developers
for the cool story in life just a
thought of something going wrong and
noise you 31 whether you weren't around
in the middle of a snowy apocalypse or
you sink into the mouth of a volcano it
doesn't matter I'm fine and assured and
shorts for real you are trembling from
cold before you forgot to close the
window at night 32 cooking take the
powder from the Horn of the Minotaur the
scales of the mermaid the feather of the
Sphinx and the Fang of a vampire mix it
all in one pile and get a potion that
makes you invisible in a real kitchen
a turkey burned because you forgot to
set the timer 33 body you are
immediately born into excellent physical
shape and a beautiful body in life you
spent years of training in the gym so
that six-pack appears on your tummy but
don't think that games are more
interesting and cooler than real life on
many accounts games lose a lot 34
graphics if your computer or console is
not powerful enough the game will lag
with a real world this will never happen
and it has the best graphics 35 princess
in a video game you go through the
dungeons leap over cliffs with lava
fight monsters defeat the dragon
and only then get the princess in real
life becoming a hero for your princess
is much easier or is it 36 loading you
have to wait for loading between areas
in life everything is already loaded and
you only wait in lines which is just
about forever whatever 37 friends your
friends in a game always need something
from you hey help us get the gold hey
help us kick that sea monsters but hey
help save the village from the robbers
fortunately things get cooler in life
hey how about a little party 38 other
characters you meet a grey haired wise
wizard in a hat in a game world all you
hear from him is a couple of phrases
like I need more Sphinx feathers to make
the potion in real life you sit in a
taxi and the driver can tell you enough
stories for a full blown book 39 game
over you can quickly go through the game
but life goes on and it is much more
interesting hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life